test-catbeforemount: fail
test-catdir: fail
test-catfiledoesntexist: fail
test-catfile: fail
test-catnoargs: fail
test-cattoomanyargs: fail
test-emptyfile: pass
test-exit: pass
test-firstdisk-lsall: fail
test-help: pass
test-inodebeforemount: fail
test-inodedir: fail
test-inodefiledoesntexist: fail
test-inodefile: fail
test-inoderoot: fail
test-inodetoomanyargs: fail
test-istatbeforemount: fail
test-istatinodedoesntexist: fail
test-istatnodedir: fail
test-istatnodefile: fail
test-istatroot: fail
test-istatwrongargtype: fail
test-listbeforemount: fail
test-magic: pass
test-mountemptyfile: fail
test-mountnoargs: fail
test-mountnodisk: fail
test-mounttoomanyargs: fail
test-mounttwice: fail
test-noinodes: fail
test-quit: pass
test-shabeforemount: fail
test-shadir: fail
test-shafile: fail
test-shanoarg: fail
test-wrongcommand1: pass
test-wrongcommand2: fail
week 07: 6/37
